# revision 13135 - calibration update - halfway there

hey everyone, i was able to calibrate approx 75 resolutions on 150. It's all of the low voxel definition resolutions that i worked on but out the 75 resolutions i calibrated, i will review 13 of those as i am unsure, and wrote next to the resolutions "to review" in the script scupdate.cs (correction as i had written scgraphicssec.cs in my push notes). So currently, you should only use the "half voxel res" option, and it is set as default, as i didn't calibrate the "full voxel res" yet, where the voxel HD resolutions are. So currently, the engine runs smooth on multiple resolutions where the screencapture and the voxels are "calibrated" correctly positioned meaning the holes of the heightmaps are where the color values are on the displayed image. I am unsure if i will start the "full voxel resolution" calibration today the 30th of april 2023, as it really was a marathon just to calibrate the first 75 resolutions in two days. I thought, this revision 13135 would be adding a tons of monitor "compatibility", for low voxel resolution so i thought to release it now. My last revision 13134 was only calibrated for monitors of resolutions 1920 by 1080 and to prepare for the calibration for the rest of the resolutions of this revision 13135, for the low voxel resolution option. If you want HD voxel resolutions again, you will have to wait for the next calibration update, or you can try and calibrate trial and error like i am doing mostly in the scripts scgraphicssec.cs and scupdate.cs.

steve chassé 

