please read the sccsvvdhd-info-revision13136-1.pdf

But please note that my project currently has many unfinished things that you could call bugs. For instance:

1. The perspective projection mode does not work currently. Only the orthogonal projection works but it was working in my earlier revision under my repository sccs-heightmaps-virtualdesktop-SharpDX11.1 . But since i rebuilt my program and tried to clean my shaders, i am slowly but surely will be fixing it soon back to a working state. This is a problem with my vertex shader. I don't know what happened that somehow it felt as if my vertex shader wasn't receiving correctly the right/up/forward directions through the vertex binding. So i added 2 more paddings of 4 bytes to the vertex shader bindings of the voxel instances in order to fill it to the maximum possible vertex binding allocations for the shader 5.0. But that didn't fix the problem. I also thought that the additional padding could fix the issues when using an nvidia card but that didn't fix the issues with using an nvidia card.
2. The color of the light isn't changing currently when changing colors through the color picker. Since i have rebuilt my program and tried to clean my shaders, i am slowly but surely will be fixing it soon back to a working state. This is a problem with my pixel shader where i didn't reincorporate correctly my original developed code.
3. The supposed "cursor light" isn't really a cursor light anymore it seems. Currently it's like a normal color brightness changer and not a specular light. I know, i will fix it soon and bring it back to it's working state soon. Since i have rebuilt my program and tried to clean my shaders, i am slowly but surely will be fixing it soon back to a working state. This is a problem with my pixel shader where i didn't reincorporate the specular light yet with the proper distance calculations so i discarded my original code temporarily. 
4. The "high voxel resolution" only works for the microsoft windows 11 session resolution of 1920 by 1080 currently. That was discussed in my revision 1.3135 that i only had the time to calibrate the "low voxel resolution" on the different microsoft windows 11 session resolutions of 800 by 600 to 1920 by 1080 only. Not below yet, not above yet.

steve chassé aka ninekorn
added info on 02may2023
